README.md, before:

<div align="center">

[<img src=".github/banner.png" height="100%" width="560px" alt="botross logo banner">](https://github.com/matthewnau/botross)
  
[![Release version](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/matthewnau/botross?color=blue&label=Download&style=for-the-badge)](#release-files "Release")
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/-mit-brightgreen.svg?style=for-the-badge)](LICENSE "License")
[![Wiki](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Wiki-blue.svg?color=blue&style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/matthewnau/botross/wiki "Wiki")

</div>

## About

<!-- <Main description> -->
BotRoss is a Python based image rendering tool that uses HTML-defined templates and the [html2image](https://github.com/vgalin/html2image) package to generate dynamic thumbnails. The main purpose of BotRoss is to help video preservationists better organize and display their content, while also making it possible for creators to automate a step in their workflow.

> BotRoss helps to bridge the gap between Aesthetics and Organization.

Designing a visual schema that elegantly represents content from a wide variety of sources often isn't anyone's top priority. But not having a design schema can even make it a hassle when searching through vast amounts of organized content.

BotRoss addresses this problem by enabling users to easily render thumbnails that display additional metadata. It can be easily implemented in any downloaders' post-processing pipeline.

Instantly upgrade your archive with the default template, or create your own! BotRoss is extremely flexible and enables you to represent your content however you would like.

For a more detailed introduction to BotRoss, check out the [beginner's guide]() in the Wiki.

Commit message:

minor wording updates
made slight introduction to the about section. Added the intro-blurb for the example section.

README.md, after:

<div align="center">

[<img src=".github/banner.png" height="100%" width="560px" alt="botross logo banner">](https://github.com/matthewnau/botross)
  
[![Release version](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/matthewnau/botross?color=blue&label=Download&style=for-the-badge)](#release-files "Release")
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/-mit-brightgreen.svg?style=for-the-badge)](LICENSE "License")
[![Wiki](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Wiki-blue.svg?color=blue&style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/matthewnau/botross/wiki "Wiki")

</div>

## About

<!-- <Main description> -->
BotRoss is a Python based image rendering tool that uses HTML-defined templates and the [html2image](https://github.com/vgalin/html2image) package to generate dynamic thumbnails. The main purpose of BotRoss is to help video preservationists better organize and display their content, while also making it possible for creators to automate a step in their workflow.

> BotRoss helps to bridge the gap between Aesthetics and Organization.

Designing a visual schema that elegantly represents content from a wide variety of sources often isn't anyone's top priority. But not having a design schema can make it a hassle when searching through vast amounts of organized content.

BotRoss addresses this problem by enabling users to easily render dynamic thumbnails that display additional metadata. It can be easily implemented in post-processing pipelines, run as a command line program, or be integrated into your own applications.

Instantly upgrade your archive with the default template, or create your own! BotRoss is extremely flexible and enables you to represent your content however you would like.

For a more detailed introduction to BotRoss, check out the [beginner's guide]() in the Wiki.

## Examples

The following are some render examples that used BotRoss' `default` template. The `input-image`, `output-image`, and command structure are all shown for each example provided.
